
NOTE: This game engine currently targets and focuses on compatibility with
      Windows 3.1 and Windows 95 only.

Watcom Win386:
* NOTE: Even though Win386 can target Windows 3.1 and 95, this is not a primary
        target for the game engine yet.
[NONE]



Windows 95:
[NONE]



Windows 3.1:
- Game will always cause Windows EGA driver to crash to DOS. It happens
  during the image loading routine. Is there something wrong with the EGA
  driver and SetDIBits()?



Windows 3.0:
* NOTE: Windows 3.0 is not a primary target for this game engine yet.
- Game will always cause Windows EGA driver to crash to DOS. It happens
  during the image loading routine. Is there something wrong with the EGA
  driver and SetDIBits()? Sometimes the crash is that the EGA driver jumps
  or calls to a NULL real-mode pointer (CS:IP at or near 0000:0000)

- If you run the Win16 build of the game, and then try to run Windows SETUP.EXE,
  Windows hangs, and then hitting RETURN repeatedly causes Windows to crash
  to DOS or cause an Invalid Opcode storm. This bug only happens if you are
  running Windows 3.0 in 386 enhanced mode. It does not happen if you start
  Windows in 286 Standard Mode by typing "win /2" at the DOS prompt
  and then run the DOS game. Other complex programs can also crash the same
  way.

  NOTED: If you compile ZLIB into the EXE itself statically, and do not link
         to ZLIBIFO as an external DLL, Windows 3.0 does not exhibit this issue.

  NOTED: Anything that links to the ZLIBIFO.DLL, including EXAMPLE.EXE, triggers
         this problem. The host program doesn't even have to do anything, it
         could be a simple WinMain() function that immediately returns without
         doing anything and the issue will still happen. There is something
         about merely loading ZLIBIFO.DLL that causes this issue.

  NOTED: ZLIB and ZLIBIFO, by merely being resideny, both cause this issue in
         Windows 3.0.


Windows 2.0:
* NOTE: Windows 2.0 is not a primary target for this game engine yet.
[NONE]



Windows 1.0:
* NOTE: Windows 1.0 is not a primary target for this game engine yet.

- Minimize on deactivate (WM_ACTIVATE) doesn't work in Windows 1.0.
- The single instance enforcement code, if the existing instance is
  minimized, fails to un-minimize the window when trying to activate
  the existing instance.


FIXED BUGS

- Fixed a bug where the code would memset() with a NULL pointer if the
  Windows display did not have a color palette (i.e. highcolor modes
  or mono/16-color). This happened because the code assumed the logical
  palette array was non-NULL and memset() the logpalette to black before
  loading it.

FIXED BUGS, Windows 95

- When triggering fullscreen mode (without the work area fullscreen mode),
  the Windows 95 taskbar half the time does not disappear as it should.

FIXED BUGS, Windows Watcom Win386

- Game engine as Win386 32-bit application causes crashes when it handles
  WM_GETMINMAXINFO, WM_WINPOSCHANGING, and similar functions that typecast
  lparam to a pointer. If there is a function in Win386 to covnert a 16:16
  pointer to 32-bit in order to safely use it properly, I'd like to know.

- Win386 build fails to start up in Windows 3.0. According to the debug log,
  it exits right after it says "Games graphics capabilities". It's not an
  issue with CreateWindowEx, if it was, the log file would show all the
  initial window size and position calculations.

FIXED BUGS, Windows 2.0

- Fullscreen mode works but it does not alter the system menu yet. It should use
  Windows 2.x level APIs to do the same changes to the sysmenu as it does Windows 3.x.

FIXED BUGS, Windows 3.0

- WM_GETMINMAXINFO is able to enforce fullscreen mode, but if you minimize, then
  restore the window to maximized, Windows 3.0 calls WM_GETMINMAXINFO but then
  ignores the window size info and shows the window as a normal maximized window
  state (caption, sysmenu, etc. visible). Windows 3.1 actually obeys the result.
  You can get Windows 3.0 to properly position and size the window if you manually
  double click the title bar.
